Love song sung
For a million people
I don't just feel it
This street makes me love
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
The future looks more realistic
Than we ever imagined
Cars don't look like they will float
In the air anytime soon
And today, I get on the subway
Like always
Silent strangers leave me behind
On the street...so then
Lonely, lonely,
Even in the painful and frail night
Lonely, lonely, keep on
Giving me your original love
Lonely, lonely, longing for you,
My life is so cold
I decided I won't do
What I can't put into words
Only she can caress my heart,
I want to forget
Love me, love me
With strong and fragile heart
Kiss me, kiss me,
I worry in the lonely night
All the street racers respected her.
She was like a queen.
In the wild "Last Signal" race,
where traffic lights went ignored...
...she never lost,
and her fame became legendary...
...as the "Queen of Hakosuka."
That's Nao Kadena.
No doubt about it.
Queen of Hakosuka.
The 30 million yen
which was promised...
...I have deposited
in your account.
So is the preparation
for the operation proceeding?
SCHOOL INFIRMARY
Yes, as soon as the schedule
for the operation is set...
... I'm going to tell my brother
about this.
I'll wait for your call.
Thank you.
KICHIJOJI STATION
This is what I bought
from Kadena-kun.
It's the technologically-advanced
"Miracle Scope"...
...developed by NASA
to search for planets.
It's supposed to see
through any material.
So if I use this...
This becomes this...
...then this...
Our technology
sure has advanced with time.
This is for me to keep up
with the new technology.
Switch... On!
What? This way?
What's this?
Strange!
I can't see through anything.
This cost me 200,000 yen!
What's going on?!
Return my money!
What's this?
Weird.
What did you say?
No returns?
Don't joke with me.
It isn't reasonable that the damaged
merchandise cost 200,000 yen.
What does this mean,
Kadena-kun?
To call it damaged merchandise
is a false allegation.
But you...
Oh, don't tell me you had
a nasty plan...
...to see under women's
clothes with this device.
Why would I think like that?
That's what I thought.
There is no way that Vice Principal,
the model educator...
...would have a dirty thought
like that.
I didn't say you could do it, either.
Wait a minute, Kadena-kun.
Anything else?
I'm hearing rumors about you.
You seem to have many problems.
You gather students in the infirmary,
students who are skipping classes.
You work as a hostess at night.
Don't you know the school
prohibits our teachers...
...from having another job?
I'm going to report this
to the principal. Be prepared!
Do whatever you like.
Do whatever I like?
What's with that attitude?!
All of those young teachers...!
Like trash teacher, Onizuka...!
It's strange.
I can't see through it.
Onizuka-sensei?
Oh, that is...!
Fuyutsuki-sensei!
What's up?!
Nice weather, isn't it?
Teacher!
Teacher, bad news!
The Vice Principal wants
to fire Nao-chan.
Leave him alone.
He always tells me that.
But nothing happens.
It's different in this case.
Do you know anything,
Fuyutsuki-sensei?
I'm not sure...
- Let's go and see.
- Yeah.
SCHOOL INFIRMARY
Are you sure you want
to quit school?
What can I do?
The Vice Principal seems serious.
He'll talk to the principal.
Anyway,
I have enough money now.
RESIGNATION
I knew this would happen
sooner or later. So I'm prepared.
We'll do whatever we can.
You don't need to quit!
That's right.
We're getting along well now.
Thank you!
I'll be your friend always.
But...
Murai. I don't think
you can change her mind.
This was her plan all along.
She would quit school
right after she got enough money.
Is it wrong?
No. It's your choice.
Don't quit, Nao-chan.
Well, it sounds bad because
you say "quitting" and "firing."
Nao-chan has reached her goal,
and she's leaving this school.
We can call it "graduation."
Let's give her a nice farewell.
Right, Fuyutsuki-sensei?
I don't know!
What are you angry at?
Fuyutsuki-chan?
Fuyutsuki-sensei!
Fuyutsuki-sensei,
do you think it's our fault?
We are skipping classes
and staying in the infirmary.
Not only that...
But we weren't just
playing around in there.
We were getting advice
about our homes and the future.
Me, too. My mother is young,
and I don't know what will happen.
Girls were also telling her things...
...they couldn't talk about
with anyone else.
Is that so?
She doesn't look like it,
but Nao-chan has had a hard life.
She needs money
for someone in her family...
...who was injured in an accident.
What?
NERIMA DAIICHI MOTORS
Don't you specialize
in motorcycles?
In the future we would like
to expand to used cars.
GARAGE R MANAGER RYUJIDANMA
That's why I would like
to ask for your advice.
Our business is gloomy, too.
I'll think about it.
Thank you!
I envy Eikichi.
Teachers don't need to lower
themselves in order to make sales.
Aren't you Danma-san?
I'm Muto. I used to be head
of the Nerima Massacre Group.
Remember? We challenged Shonan
and were beaten by Onibaku.
That's you.
It's been a while.
Takashi, this is Ryuji Danma,
a partner of the legendary Onibaku.
Hello. I'm Takashi Kadena.
I've heard about you from Muto.
Kadena?
He was a street racer in Yokohama.
But he was a mechanic,
and his sister was more famous.
That's enough.
He doesn't like to talk
about the past.
But he was the best mechanic.
Of course.
A little praise
makes you too snobby.
Hey, are you...?
- What?
- What's up, Danma-san?
Onizuka-sensei, your cell phone...
Onizuka-sensei is away
from his desk now.
Oh, Danma...!
What? Kadena-sensei's brother?
Hey! Can't you get down?!
You're not doing it right at all!
Everyone needs
one-on-one lessons!
Only the body is growing up...
It really hit him...
Good job. Soldier Anne.
Wonderful!
Did you see it hit him?!
The next one is ready!
Onizuka...
He's disturbing my class again.
I won't allow him to do it today!
TERRESTRIAL DEFENSE FORCE
Attention,
Terrestrial Defense Force!
TERRESTRIAL DEFENSE FORCE
Destroy Pervert Monster
Hokuroder!
Yes!
There isn't any reason
for you to call me a pervert!
Yeah! Go, go!
We did it!
Kadena-sensei...
What's up, Fuyutsuki-chan?
I acted like I was better than you,
without really knowing you...
Forget about it, join us instead!
This is fun, Fuyutsuki-chan.
It's pretty good.
Nao-chan.
Our object is gone.
We're just starting to have fun!
Hokuroda! You chicken!
Nao-chan. You're aggressive!
Hokuroda was crying.
We still have this much!
I wanted to stay at this fun school
a little bit longer.
Well, it's too late, I guess.
I'm surrounded
by beautiful women...
...and having free Sukiyaki!
I guess this is heaven!
No one said it's free.
We're having the best beef.
It would cost a lot, wouldn't it?
Yes, Sukiyaki and the service fees.
The total will be 125,000 yen.
Payday is coming up,
so Onizuka-sensei can pay.
Then I want him to pay everything
when he gets paid.
No way...!
Just kidding.
What a dirty trick!
They've ganged up to put me down
behind my back.
Let's have a party tonight.
We'll celebrate my graduation
and save the 30 million yen!
Thirty million yen?!
What's that for?
A member of my family
was in an accident.
I was told
that it would cost that much...
...for the surgery in the U.S.
There are many foreign objects
in his body.
We don't know when those objects
will reach the heart.
But I have already paid in full.
Now I'm just waiting for a call
from the person...
...who arranged all of this.
It's been a long time.
It was three years ago.
Good evening. News time.
A con man is wanted by the police.
He's told victims he can arrange
for famous doctors...
MEDICAL AGENT FRAUD
...to perform operations abroad.
He scammed quite a bit of money
from his victims and then ran off..
MEDICAL AGENT FRAUD
The con man...
Is this...? Kadena-sensei?
What are you talking about?
This can't be true. No way.
TONIGHT'S DINNER
IS SUKIYAKI
Street racer?
How did you know?
Even Murai and the others
don't know that.
Onizuka-sensei's friend
saw you back then.
At that time,
racing was my life.
I was called
the Queen of Hakosuka.
I was famous among the group.
But one day you caused
an accident and lost a race...
...then left the group.
You knew that, too.
The unexpected loss by
the Queen of Hakosuka is...
...still a mystery
among the group.
I'm wondering if the driver
in your car wasn't you...
...but someone else.
Maybe it's the person who needs
that operation in the U.S.
Takashi Kadena,
my little brother.
Takashi liked being a mechanic
more than racing.
He was driving my Hakosuka
without telling me...
...and was challenged by someone
who thought I was the driver.
He couldn't decline, and he raced
"Last Signal" for the first time.
It's a miracle that he survived
and recovered.
But there is still
a problem with his eyes.
That's a major obstacle...
...when it comes to being
a top-notch mechanic.
So he disappeared from my life.
I was just too caught up in being
called the Queen of Hakosuka.
It is, after all, my fault...
...for getting him involved,
and then taking his dream away.
I heard that
he'd completely recover...
...if he has surgery in the U.S.
Since then I concentrated
on making money.
But when I thought I finally
had enough, it ends like this.
It's strange, isn't it?
Sorry.
It's a gloomy story.
Kadena-sensei...
You and I had different opinions,
but it was fun. Thank you.
What are you going to do now?
Well, I don't have any money now.
I feel like I just lost everything
that kept me going.
I don't know what to do.
Don't worry. I'll survive.
See you.
Can you say that
you're really living your life?
Leave your brother alone.
Live your life!
You're all outsiders.
No one understands how I feel.
I don't understand. I don't want
to understand how you feel.
What are you doing?
Let's get the thing back...
...the one thing that's
more important to you than money.
What are you thinking?
You brought us all the way here.
Thank you for waiting.
Hey, Ryuji.
Your order, one Hakosuka.
Here it is.
It's aged a bit. But its performance
should be as good as it used to be.
I can guarantee it.
Let's start the "Last Signal."
What are you thinking?
Rather than thinking about the past,
isn't it better to die doing this?
You would feel better
if you went quickly.
Or are you afraid,
Queen of Hakosuka?
Let's start!
This has nothing to do with me.
You really could die.
That's the way!
Can you say
you're living your life?
Idiot...
Stop!!
Whew, it's a tie.
When I was in Yokohama...
... I heard rumors
about Onibaku in Shonan.
You lived up to the rumor.
You, too.
You're both alive.
Takashi...
Your brother built that Hakosuka.
He asked us to get you back...
the way you used to be.
Sorry that I didn't contact you
for so long...
...but I wanted to escape from you.
I liked when you drove Hakosuka.
I don't want to see you
wasting your life for me.
That accident was my fault.
Takashi...
...you have an unpredictable
problem with your body.
Don't worry. I'll make money
by myself and have an operation.
You live your own life.
I'm not giving up.
I'm still chasing my dream.
Someday, I'll be someone
you can be proud of.
Definitely!
I'm stupid.
Without knowing how you felt...
...I thought I was carrying
the burden all by myself.
Really stupid...
Sis...
What's going on, everyone?
Why are you hurrying?
Nao-chan...
Sounds like Nao-chan
doesn't need to leave the school...!
Really?
SCHOOL INFIRMARY
Vice Principal?!
Good morning, everyone.
Vice Principal.
Is it true that Kadena-sensei
doesn't have to leave school?
Well, there were many problems.
I think we need
a passionate teacher...
... like Kadena-kun in our school.
I've decided not to report it
to the principal.
As I thought about it, education
comes from passion. Passion!
Well, then, I'm leaving now...
RESIGNATION
You can't love everyone
It's only for the one you love
No breaking your faith or doubting
Don't you judge or hate?
Just stay innocent
Am I hurting anyone?
My emotion quietly blazes
Deep inside my eyes
I am so happy that I found you
In the infinity of eternal time
What is there for me to do?
It may be small now
But the fire cannot go out
A tear is about to drop
Hold it back in your chest
Live strong every moment
Like a single drop of your tear
NEXT EPISODE
Okay, then. I'm going to eat
all their staff's lunches.
NEXT EPISODE
I was hungry.
Please eat with me!
To make her popular,
we need commercials.
Mellow melon!
Although we're amateurs, we know
Toroko's charm better than you.
Interesting. If you say so,
I want you to do it.
I finally got Toroko some work!
Don't interfere.
It's thick and hard.
SEE YA NEXT TIME